Clarify the usage of `try_files` in Caddyfile, not supporting matchers (#17)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/caddyfile/directives/try_files.md

rewrite @try_files {http.matchers.file.relative}
```

> Since this directive is a shortcut, it does not allow a matcher in its syntax. If you need a more complex matcher, then use the above expanded form as a basis.

Reviewer: Technically, the reason it doesn't allow a matcher isn't because it's a "shortcut" -- for example the php_fastcgi directive has an expanded form and it accepts matchers. It just doesn't accept a matcher, I guess, because it kind of rubs usability wrong in two ways:

- The first argument is usually a path, which often starts with `/`, which looks like a path matcher, which may be unintended/confusing.
- The try_files directive configures a matcher more than a handler (though technically it does both).

It's technically capable of supporting a matcher, but it's more complex and confusing that way I think.

```suggestion
Note that this directive does not accept a matcher token. If you need more complex matching logic, then use the expanded form above as a basis.
```
